LAST UPDATED 17 July 2017


Folder cclstuff is Elizabeth Kimura's folder

So this folder has the parameter values, the CLASS and CCL generated data files, and the plots of the 
statistics. There's also a folder called py_code which has the .py file for creating the statistics.

Most of these folders will have lhs and trials. The lhs subfolders contains the files generated from the
Latin hypercube sampling. The trials are generated from random number sampling.

Most of these folders under the lhs subfolders will have pre and non_pre. pre corresponds to data files that
utilized the precision requirement, while non_pre is default.

Most of the data files have z1, z2, ..., z6. This corresponds to the z value they are plotting, where
z1 => z=0, z2 => z=0.5, z3 => z=1., z4 => z=1.5, z5 => z=2, z6 => z=2.5

In the folder CCL it has the .dat files generated by CCL, so the first column has the wavenumber (k) values
the second column has the matter power spectrum values (Pk), assuming linearity, and the third column 
has the Pk values, assuming nonlinearity.

In the folder CLASS, it has three subfolders. The lin and nonlin basically have the same thing, but one assumes
a linear model and the other assumes a nonlinear model, respectively. The first column has the k values and the 
second columns has the Pk values, linear or nonlinear depending on which subfolder you're in.

Inside the CLASS folder, the last subfolder is called output. It is again divided into lin and nonlin.
CLASS outputs some text, such as age of the universe. It may be useful so I included it.

The par_var.txt file has the parameters that we are varying. We are only varing 5 this time
The first column has the trial number. 
Second column has h values. 
Third column has omega_b values (NOTE: This is lower case omega. To get to Omega_b divide by h^2)
Fourth column has omega_cdm values (NOTE: SImilar as above)
Fifth column has the A_s values
Sixth column has n_s values

In the plots folder, it just contains the plots of the CCL and CLASS values, along with a graph comparing the 
differences. We want it to be less than 10^-4.

In the stats folder, it contains the difference (errors) between the CCL and CLASS values

In the sum_stats folder, we generate our summary statistics, you can change the threshold in comp_stas_v3.py

The py_code folder has the .py file of generating the statistics, so if you want to look at different scales or 
different colors, just change the path, to the specific data files, then you should be good to go.

	gen_ini.py generates your .ini files for CLASS
	gen_par.py genrerates your parameters randomly
	lhs_gen_par.py generates your parameters using Latin hypercube sampling
	comp_CCL_CLASS.py looks at your data files and plots them and the differences (Note the multiplication of factors)
	comp_stats_v3.py generates your summary statistics from the stats folder which contains the txt output of comp_CCL_CLASS.py
	load_data.py allows the user to input a file ID, and load the data
	comp_stats_v4.py generates your summary statistics with a better metric, as well as generate your corner plots
	corner_source.py has the definitions for your corner plots, it's been altered so that it does scatter plots

	There's also an interface folder now
	This has the most recent copy of homepage.py
	All you will need to do is fix the paths, but the filenames should all be the same
	Make sure you have the proper modules downloaded, mostly bokeh and flask
	And that should be it
	homepage.py is your friend


FOR ALL OF THESE MAKE SURE TO CHANGE THE PATHS TO THE PROPER ONES
